NMS-15708: various corrections/clarifications in Sentinel docs (#6248)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/flows/sentinel/message-broker/activemq.adoc

config:edit org.opennms.sentinel.controller
config:property-set location SENTINEL<1>
config:property-set id 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000ddba11<2>
config:property-set broker-url failover:tcp://my-activemq-ip:61616<3>
config:update
----
<1> A location string is used to assign the Sentinel to a monitoring location.
This can be an existing location or a new location and does not impact the messages that this Sentinel will process.

> <2> Unique identifier you define to be used as a node label for monitoring the Sentinel instance within {page-component-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Unique identifier you define to use as a node label for monitoring the Sentinel instance within {page-component-title}.
```
